logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: false 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: true 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {-1 0}, moving: true, firing: false 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: false 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {-1 0}, moving: true, firing: false 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: false 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: false 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {-1 0}, moving: true, firing: false 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: false 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: true 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: true 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: true 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: true 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: true 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: true 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: true 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: true 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: true 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: true 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {-1 0}, moving: true, firing: false 
logger: controller.go:131: send: controller.Command, direction {1 0}, moving: true, firing: false 
